well a quick update on the fr 670 tiller
views the quite a bit seems to work okay
oh they're in the carburetor issue I'm
not going to mess with that right now
because we still need to use it I've put
off tilling for a while because the
ground has been pretty hard really dry
it was way too dusty so we're supposed
to get a little bit of rain a little bit
more rain actually and I'll probably
finish till end up dune but anyway I
couldn't help myself
I believe these are off a we're supposed
to go on a Honda motorcycle
I doubt these are genuine Honda stickers
I don't know that but I'd be surprised
to find out if they were but anyway I
couldn't help myself so I got some
stickers off eBay and I'm gonna go ahead
and put them on the tiller as silly as
it might seem it's got to have it
stickers well on the back of this I was
gonna put the sticker right here but
there are some spot welds and it's
generally pretty beat-up so there's not
too much of a flat area so I decided to
go ahead and move it up here I clean the
mounting surface with rubbing alcohol
this appears to be masking tape and
again I know this sticker really wasn't
destined for Honda tiller but it was
cheap and I gets the point across there
we go
it's Honda
okay the next sticker I went ahead and
put on this cover for this chain a
little gold wing album emblem I had to
take off because it wouldn't fit I tried
to rub it a little bit better that
little gold wing stripe there come off I
think because there's a little
imperfection there so see how it did
good that's beautiful
well the decals are on put one on the
fuel tank obviously on that side cover
right there you have them with the extra
gold one symbol that I have left over a
small one anyway put it right there on
the engine